# ReactJS Blog Editor Component

## Usage

The video below shows how the blog app work.
<video src="./static/videos/demo.mp4" controls="controls" style="max-width: 730px;">
</video>

## Getting Started

 Here's how to get started:

### Prerequisites

To run this  application , you need to have the following installed in your device

- nodejs
- yarn

### Installing

Follow the steps below to run the application locally

1. First, unzip the Elastic-Team-ReactJS-Challenge-Blog-Editor-Component-NelsonFrank.zip

2. Change directory

```bash
cd blog-editor-component

```

3. Install depencenies

```bash
yarn install

```

4. Then start server

```bash
yarn run dev
```

## Deployment

There are many way to deploy react up, today we are going to use netlify to deploy our react application

Follow the following steps to deploy

1. Ensure that you have a React app ready for deployment. Build the app by running ```yarn build``` in the root directory of your project.

2. Sign up or log in to your Netlify account at netlify.com.

3. Once logged in, click on the "New site" button on the Netlify dashboard.

4. Choose the option "Drag and Drop your site folder" and select the build folder of your React app. This is typically the build/ folder generated by running the build command.

5. Netlify will start the deployment process and provide you with a unique subdomain for your app (e.g., [https://your-app-name.netlify.app](https://your-app-name.netlify.app)). You can change this subdomain to a custom domain later if needed.

6.After the deployment is complete, test your deployed React app by opening the provided URL in a web browser. Make sure everything works as expected.

## Built With

- Reactjs
- Typescript
- Tailwindcss
- CSS
- Vite

## Authors

- **Nelson Frank**  -
    [nelsonfrank](https://github.com/nelsonfrank)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - see the [MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) License for
details
